1. Feature: Searching
User story: As a user who is interested in buying cars
                   I want to search for preferred Make and Model
                   So that I can get available deals at “http://www.cars.bg”
Background:
Given I navigate to the Home page - http://www.cars.bg
          And I select “търсене“
          And I select Марка drop-down

1.1. Scenario: User is able to search by preferred Make 
 When I choose Марка “Subaru”
 Then I should see all cars 'Subaru” 

Chrome PC –Passed; Chrome Mobile- Passed; Firefox PC- Passed

1.2. Scenario: User is NOT able to search by 2 or more preferred Make 
 When I choose Марка “VW”
           And I choose also Марка “Volvo”
 Then I should see only the last chosen Mark- “Volvo” 

Chrome PC –Passed; Chrome Mobile- Passed; Firefox PC- Passed

1.3. Scenario: User is able to search by 2 or more preferred Models of preferred Make 
 When I choose Марка “ZAZ”
           And I choose Model “965” and “968”
 Then I should see only the offers with Models “965” and “968” 

Chrome PC –Passed; Chrome Mobile- Passed; Firefox PC- Passed

1.4. Scenario: User is able to see and choose another preferred Model after he already see one
  When I choose Марка 'UAZ'
            And I choose from Модел drop-down “452”    
            And I see all offers with UAZ 452
           And I select “go back” button       
  Then I should see again all Models of UAZ in Модел drop-down

Chrome PC –Failed; Chrome Mobile- Failed; Firefox PC- Not run

 1.5. Scenario: User is not able to change or see other word in the drop-down except Makes      
            And I choose Марка 'Volga'
            And I inspect html
            And I search for 'Volga' in html
When I change Make 'Volga' with 'MARIA’
 Then I should see in the “Марка” drop-down only Makes

Chrome PC –Failed; Chrome Mobile- Not run; Firefox PC- Failed;
1.6. Scenario: User is able to see preferred Model on preferred Make 
  When I choose Марка 'Bentley'
            And I choose from Модел drop-down “Continental”            
  Then I should see all cars 'Bentley Continental” 
Chrome PC –Passed; Chrome Mobile- Passed; Firefox PC- Passed

1.7. Scenario: User is able to see all detailed information about preferred Mark and Model.
  When I choose Марка 'Subaru'
            And I choose from Модел drop-down “OUTBACK”    
            And I see all offers with Subaru OUTBACK
           And I select one offer       
  Then I should see all detailed information about the preferred car.

 Chrome PC –Passed; Chrome Mobile- Passed; Firefox PC- Passed

1.8. Scenario: User is NOT able to see Models in „Модел“drop-down, which are not of the preferred Make car.
            I choose Марка 'ZAZ'
            And I choose from Модел drop-down “965”    
            And I see all offers with ZAZ 965
            And go back to search by select “Търсене” button, which is up and right.
  When I select Марка „Suzuki“
            And I select Модел “Alto”  
And I see all offers with Suzuki Alto
And I select “go back” button                   
Then I should see on the Mark drop-down - Suzuki and on the Models drop-down –the Models of Suzuki
Chrome PC - Failed; Chrome Mobile- Passed; Firefox PC- NOT run

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. Feature: Register
User story: As a user I want to make a registration so that I can have my account.
Background:
        Given I navigate to the Home page – http://www.cars.bg
                   And I go to “Меню” and select "Вход/Регистрация”
                    And I click on “Частно лице”
                 And select „Регистрация“   
 2.1. Scenario: User is able to make registration, if he put valid data /phone number, password, email and etc. /
        When I put valid data 
        Then I should have registration
Chrome PC –Passed; Chrome Mobile- Passed; Firefox PC- Passed


 2.2. Scenario: User is not able to make registration, if he put invalid data /not exist phone or already registered phone or email or short password/
        When I put invalid data        1. Not exist phone -087895255145
                                                      2. Not exist email – mimoza_1981@abvbg
                                                      3. Password with only 6 characters
        Then I should see error message and not have registration
Chrome PC –Passed; Chrome Mobile- Passed; Firefox PC- Passed

2.3 Scenario: User is not able to make registration, if he put invalid data on Name of the user
        When I put numbers in “Име” 
        Then I should see error message 

Chrome PC –Failed; Chrome Mobile - Failed; Firefox PC- Failed;
       3. Feature: Login
              User story: As a user I want to login so that I can go to my account and offer my car.
              Background:
         Given I navigate to the Home page – http://www.cars.bg
                    And I go to “Меню” and select "Вход/Регистрация”
                    And I click on “Частно лице”                
 3.1. Scenario: User is able to login
           When I put valid data - phone number and password
                      And I select “Вход“
           Then I should login
Chrome PC –Passed; Chrome Mobile- Passed; Firefox PC- Passed
  3.2 Scenario: User is NOT able to login, if there is invalid data
                When I put valid phone number -878952551;
                           And I put invalid password – Cars_123456
                           And I select “Вход“
                Then I should have error message and no log in
Chrome PC –Passed; Chrome Mobile- Passed; Firefox PC- Passed

             4. Feature: Publish an offer 
            User story: As a login user I want to publish offer so that I can sell my car.
    4.1 Scenario: User is NOT able to publish offer, if he is not login.
                Given I navigate to the Home page – http://www.cars.bg
                  When I go to “Меню” and select "+ Публикувай обява”
                   Then I should be navigate to login 
Chrome PC –Passed; Chrome Mobile- Passed; Firefox PC- Passed
        4.2 Scenario: Logged user is able to offer a car by add information in order to publish
                Given I navigate to the Home page – http://www.cars.bg
                           And I go to “Меню” and select "Вход/Регистрация”
                           And I click on “Частно лице” 
                           And I logged in my account          
                When I go to “Меню” 
                           And I select "+ Публикувай обява”
                Then I can add information about my car in order to publish. 

Chrome PC –Passed; Chrome Mobile- Passed; Firefox PC- Passed
